Fix potential race condition between evaluator and partition (#1295)
tenzir/vast: CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> - 🐞 Removed potential race condition that could lead to a hanging export if
>   a partition was persisted just as it was scanned.
>   [#1295](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1295)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🐞 A potential race condition that could lead to a hanging export if
  a partition was persisted just as it was scanned no longer exists.
  [#1295](https://github.com/tenzir/vast/pull/1295)
```
